# Search-And-Rescue-Dog-Finder

# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
  Writing programs that are maintainable involve including helpful comments and error checking. Commenting your code also helps the program become more readable and able to identify where things are happening. Writing code that can be easily modified and tested is another good practice when writing programs. 
  
# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
  When approaching a problem we need to first understand the problem. Then create a step-by-step plan on how to solve it. Once the plan is developed we start to code and implement are plan. Once the plan is implemented we have to look back and refactor anything in the solution that could be improved on which is always the case. My approach for this project differed from previous assignments by using a CRUD class to store my data in a database. Prior to this I was storing data in Lists such as ArrayLists, Linked-Lists, etc. For future projects that require storing information in a database I will continue to improve on CRUD functionalities.
  
# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  Computer scientists use technology to solve many different problems. They write and program software to create applications for companies. Software helps companies do what they need to get done faster and more efficient. Before they used software applications, everything was done by hand on paper. Information sharing was much slower to. Now with these applications data can be shared instantly and it also has made it easier for companies to navigate through information and be more organized. 
